Adds sections to design overview and starting a new design (#41)
stoplightio/platform-docs: docs/3.-design/a.overview.md

# Overview

> Stoplight has an editor called Studio, which can help you write Markdown, but more importantly, it's a visual API Designer, with built-in support for working with API Descriptions, with support for the most popular format: OpenAPI (both v2 and v3). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stoplight has an editor called Studio, which doubles as both a Markdown editor, and a visual API Designer. An API designer is a piece of software which helps you work with API Descriptions, specifically most popular formats: OpenAPI (both v2 and v3), and AsyncAPI. 
```

API Design-First is the concept of planning out the API before you build it.  Instead of doing that in some Google Document or on the back of a napkin, you can do it in a reusable, machine-readable format which can power functionality at every stage of the API lifecycle:

1. Generate Documentation - beautiful API reference documentation
1. Mock Servers - early API consumer feedback
1. Request Validation - why write all those rules twice
1. Contract Testing - ensure API is doing its job
1. Code Generation - computers have learned to program themselves
1. SDK Generation - let API consumers talk in their programming language of choice
1. Server Stubs - generators can do the redundant work for your developers

With an API Design-First strategy in place, you can:

#### Get Early Feedback

When an API has been designed upfront, API consumers get a chance to play with an automatically generated mock server, which helps you get quick feedback. This ensures that the API that you're building fulfills consumer requirements without spending any time and cost on development. It also saves your consumers from unanticipated breaking changes later. 

#### Reduce Cost

> Catching potential problems for clients early on avoids wasting time and money writing code, which is not going to solve a problem. These early iterations are a game-changer because changing the API specification takes minutes, not hours or days! It also reduces the chances of noticing major issues shortly after v1.0 launches, meaning you can put off v2.0 and v3.0 for a while, maybe indefinitely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Catching potential problems for clients early on avoids wasting time and money writing code which is not going to solve a problem. These early iterations are a game-changer because changing the API specification takes minutes, not hours or days! It also reduces the chances of noticing major issues shortly after v1.0 launches, meaning you can put off v2.0 and v3.0 for a while, maybe indefinitely.
```

What is the cost of a bad API? Try multiplying all of your tech debt by your number of users.

> #### Put Consumer First

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Put Consumers First
```

> Getting started with implementation tends to couple your solution with the technology. Designing your API first ensures your solutions are technology agnostic and built with just the consumer in mind.

Reviewer: Trying to say something about supporting more than one consumer by gathering use cases and requirements up front. One consumer will demand  an API thats good for them but multiple consumers can give feedback on an API that is more useful for more of them. Or at the very least it'll identify issues with their use cases that might help you realize you need a BFF sooner.

```suggestion
Getting started with implementation tends to couple your solution with the technology. Designing your API first ensures your solutions are technology agnostic and built with a greater number of consumers in mind.
```

#### Ensure Consistency

Consistent APIs that follow industry best practices and are in line with other APIs in the organization lead to development that is efficient and less prone to errors. API descriptions can be automatically validated against style guides to ensure it follows best practices and organization standards, leading to good developer experience. By designing the API first, you can validate early, thus avoiding changes once API has been developed or even worse is being used by consumers.   

#### Develop in Parallel

Creating and finalizing a contract early-on allows teams across your organization to work simultaneously without having to wait for the development stage of the API to complete. The generated mock server can be used to test API dependencies, helping develop front-end or back-end applications that consume these APIs, which leads to increased productivity and efficiency. 

#### Develop Faster

> You can generate server-side stubs and contract tests that take away the redundant work from your API developers while ensuring the APIs get developed correctly. 

Reviewer: Link to https://openapi.tools/#server ?

#### Validate and Test Efficiently

> Your API implementation can be validated automatically against your API description. Requests coming in from applications consuming your API are also validated, which ensures the API implementation and applications get built correctly without introducing any dependency between various teams. 

Reviewer: How? Where? What?

Author: Prism's contract testing? You mean to say we can't do it or should I add more detail?

Author: @philsturgeon

#### Provide a Good Developer Experience

A design-first strategy ensures an up to date API description, consistent design, comprehensive documentation, and well thought out examples. This, in turn, can be used to generate beautiful interactive documentation that makes it easier for developers to use your API. As the design is the source of truth, it ensures the documentation is correct and always up to date. The same API description can then be used to generate code samples and SDKs, improving your developer experience further with little effort.

#### Get to production faster

> Early feedback, automatic generation, parallel development, and quick testing all ensure that you get to market faster, beating your competition both in quality and speed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Early feedback, parallel development if API server and API consumer, maybe even server code generation, and comprehensive contract testing all ensure that you get to market faster, beating your competition both in quality and speed. 
```
